Update information for MSB3825 (#44564)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/serialization/binaryformatter-migration-guide/winforms-applications.md

##### Generating resource files via msbuild

> When generating resource files via msbuild, you may encounter an `MSB3825` error which specifies that your binary formatted resources may be deserialized using [BinaryFormatter] during runtime. The warning is being removed from builds targetting NET9 and higher, however the warning removal is still not complete in all releases of NET9. It should be only of concern when targeting NET8 and lower - as as stated above, these resources will not deserialize using [BinaryFormatter] during runtime in NET9 and above. This warning can be turned off by setting the property `GenerateResourceWarnOnBinaryFormatterUse` to `false`. In rare cases that deserialization cannot occur without [BinaryFormatter], it can be added back with an unsupported compatibility package. See [BinaryFormatter migration guide: Compatibility Package](compatibility-package.md) for details. Note that an additional step of setting `System.Resources.Extensions.UseBinaryFormatter` app context switch to `true` is required to use [BinaryFormatter] for resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you generate resource files via MSBuild, you might encounter an `MSB3825` error. This error specifies that your binary-formatted resources might be deserialized using [BinaryFormatter] during run time. The warning is being removed from builds targeting .NET 9 and later, however the removal is not yet complete in all releases of .NET 9. The warning should be only of concern when targeting .NET 8 and lower. As stated earlier, these resources will not deserialize using [BinaryFormatter] during run time in .NET 9 and later versions. You can turn the warning off by setting the property `GenerateResourceWarnOnBinaryFormatterUse` to `false`. In rare cases that deserialization cannot occur without [BinaryFormatter], it can be added back with an unsupported compatibility package. For more information, see [BinaryFormatter migration guide: Compatibility package](compatibility-package.md). Note that an additional step of setting the `System.Resources.Extensions.UseBinaryFormatter` app context switch to `true` is required to use [BinaryFormatter] for resources.
```
